In this lecture we will learn about the different elements that we can apply color to using CSX as we
have seen in other lectures we can apply a color to our text elements to change the color of text we
use the color property let's say in a paragraph element to our Web page and give it some example text
then we will get an opening and closing style tag to our Web page.
We will add the color property to our style code and give it a value of red.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the example text is read on our Web page.
Let's jump back to the editor and look at another example.
Each element also has a background in the shape of a box that we can apply a color to to apply color
to an element background.
We use the background color property we will build off of the last example and give our text a background
color of black.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code to see the result.
We now have red text on a black background.
Let's jump back to the editor.
You can add a border around every HVM element.
The border color property lets us control the color of an element border.
Let's use the border property and give our paragraph element the 10 pixel solid border.
We will then use the border color property and give our border a color of blue then we will go to the
web browser and run our code
as you can see there is a 10 pixel blue border around our paragraph element.
Let's go back to the editor.
We can also specify only specific sides of the border to apply the color to using the border top color
border right color border bottom color and border left color properties using the border top color property
allows us to specify a color to add to the top edge of our border.
We will change the border property to the border Top property.
Let's get rid of the border color property we added for the last example and give the element a border
top color property with a value of red.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see there is a 10 pixel red border at
the top of our element.
Let's go back to the editor using the border right color property allows us to specify a color to add
to the right edge of our border.
We will change the border Top property to the border right property.
Let's then use the border right color property to give our element the right border of green.
We will run our code into web browser to see the result.
There is now a green border on the right of our element.
Let's go back to the editor using the border bottom color property allows us to specify a color to add
to the bottom edge of our border.
Let's change the border.
Right.
Property to the border bottom property.
We will give our element the bottom border color of blue and then run our code in the browser
as you can see there is a blue border on the bottom of our element.
Let's go back to the editor
using the border left color property allows us to specify a color to add to the left edge of our border.
Let's change the border bottom property to the border left property.
We will assign our element the left border color of orange then we will run our code in the web browser
as you can see there is now an orange border on the left side of our element.
Let's jump back to the editor we can also add color to columns using the column rule color property.
For this example let's add a paragraph element to our webpage.
We need to make sure that we had enough text between the opening and closing paragraph tags so that
we can see this change take effect.
After that we will get an opening and closing style tag to our code.
We will use the paragraph element selector and give our text to column count of two to split it into
two columns a column rule style of solid and a column rule color of red.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code to see the result.
There is now a read column rule between the two columns of text.
Let's go back to the editor the carrot of an input field can also be assigned a custom color to do so.
We can use the CSSA carat color property.
Let's create an input element.
Then we will go to the style code and specify that our input elements should have a carrot color of
red using the carrot color property.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see when we click into the input field.
The carrot is the color red and there you have it as a sync.
Look at some of the elements we can color using see SS in the next lecture we will learn about specifying
colors using C Ss.